Hey no no no no
Hey Jing'er, don't talk nonsense
Since there is no one, why can't I grab it?
Besides, Brother Shouchen fell in love with me at first sight
How else could it save my life? Love at first sight
Are you kidding me?
This lipstick print is my hardware.
He belongs to me.
Isn't it just a lipstick print?
Brother Shoucheng, I'll give you a piece too.
No no no no
Leave me alone, you two
Since there is no big demon to blame
I'm going to take my leave.
I can't admit it.
Brother Shoucheng, what are you running for?
Am I not good-looking enough?
I was wrong. I was wrong.
I'm not good-looking enough, okay?
Ah, you won't be fooled twice by the same means
Shoushan brother
My sister was taken away
Come on, man
How dare you insult me in front of me
What courage
I want to save my sister too
Then I'll change clothes
What a hassle
Is it your sister's life that matters?
Or is your image important?
Can you always solve the problem anyway?
It's okay to ask my sister to wait a little longer.
Your sister was molested again. What?